Remove "the button" wording (#2622)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_assigning-a-puppet-class-to-an-individual-host.adoc

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.

> . Click *Edit* of the host you want to add the `ntp` Puppet class to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Edit* for the host you want to add the `ntp` Puppet class to.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Locate the host you want to add the `ntp` Puppet class to  and click *Edit*.
```

Reviewer: Neither seems great. Can you think of something better?

Author: I like the second suggestion and applied it.
